---
layout: assignment-two-column
title: "The Internet and the News"
abbreviation: HW1
type: homework
due_date: 2024-09-03
ordering: 1
draft: 0
points: 20
---

For your first homework assignment, you will be analyzing a question / issue / controversy that has made the headlines recently that relates to the Internet. 

## Pick a Topic
You may pick your own topic, or you can choose a piece (film, news article, opinion piese) from the one of the course readings below. There's a lot of interesting stuff on the election, censorship, content moderation, anti-trust cases (e.g., the recent Google ruling).

## Please answer the questions below

### 1. What did you read / watch?
Tell us what you read / watched.

### 2. Describe the controversy / issue raised in the articles / film (~1/2 page single spaced)
Describe the technology, the issue / controversy, and the context surrounding the issue / controversy. Make sure you answer the following questions:

* What is the technology being examined?
* What is the issue?
* Why is it an issue?
* Who are the stakeholders?
* What are the different perspectives or "sides" (if there are sides)?
{:.compact}

### 3. Analyze the controversy (~1/2 page single spaced)
What do you think about this controversy? Some questions you might consider:

* In the technology's current configuration, who benefits most and who is most harmed?
* Can the controversy be resolved?
* Could it have been prevented or was it inevitable?
* Is it a sign of something bigger on the horizon?
{:.compact}

Tell us what you think!

### 4. Three Slide Summary
Create a very short, 3-slide summary of your analysis using Google Slides, PowerPoint, etc., and be prepared to share your analysis to your classmates on Wednesday (1/25). Make sure you explain the issue / controversy so that someone else can understand it, and also describe your analysis and perspectives. Feel free to communicate these ideas any way that you want (text, images, etc.).

## Rubric

### Description of the Controversy (8 points)
* Clearly describes the issue, stakeholders, and opposing views.
* No key facts missing.

### Analysis of the Controversy (8 points)
* Student puts themself and their own thinking into dialog with the issues.
* Student thinks about the issue from multiple perspectives.

### Presentation (4 points)
* Guidelines followed; student presents their slides during class time.

## What to Submit
Upload both your paper and slides to the Moodle by the deadline specified.